I'm like I can tell you're down but
you're looking at scarlet kicking you
out of the house hey that's my stuff and
the kids want nothing to do with you as
a negative can you just turn down the
music I guess mostly negative isn't it
no he had no upside for that Mike
O'Donnell is at an age when life seems
to have passed him by bet you wish you
had it to do all over again you got that
right but in one extraordinary moment
you'll get to turn back the clock
and b-17 all over again
no way it's freaking me out freaking me
out
I'm pubescent this is my chance to have
my life over but to do it right I'm
going back to high school man don't even
think about sucking me in with you I'm
here to enroll my son sup
this is him where did you monkeys head
what you worried look like Clay Aiken
[Music]
now why is the new kid waving at me he's
back in class what are you eating
no no I'm hungry and he's back in the
game
hey mom this is Mark Wow you look just
like my husband
that's so weird he's weird Nicky has a
boyfriend
why are you dating him he's bullying
your little brother Oh do you think you
are my father he's got one last shot
it's not about me it's about helping
Alex and Maggie
to get things right one no it's pretty
even really on YouTube it looked like
you were getting your butt kicked you
young everything feels like the end of
the world but it's not it's just the
beginning
[Music]
Zac Ephron I mean basketball team great
out there
Oh Marc that's super impressed 17 again
you